RDB Loader 5.6.0 (#474)
snowplow/documentation: docs/destinations/warehouses-and-lakes/rdb/loading-transformed-data/databricks-loader/index.md

- [Databricks cluster](https://docs.databricks.com/clusters/create-cluster.html)
- [Databricks access token](https://docs.databricks.com/dev-tools/api/latest/authentication.html)

> Also, `events` table needs to be created before starting the application for the first time:

Reviewer: @istreeter do you remember why we still kept this here?

> `events` table and database schema will be created automatically by loader. Database schema name will be the one in the config. Table name will be `events` and it can't be changed. Keep in mind that Databricks loader user needs to have permission to create schemas on given database to be able to perform this operation. Check [this page](https://docs.databricks.com/sql/language-manual/security-grant.html) for more information about granting privileges in Databricks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `events` table and the database schema will be created automatically by the loader. You can [configure](TODO: link to configuration page) the name of the database schema with the TODO: setting name. The table name (`events`) can’t be changed. Keep in mind that the Databricks loader user needs to have permissions to create schemas on the given database to be able to perform this operation. Check [this page](https://docs.databricks.com/sql/language-manual/security-grant.html) for more information about granting privileges in Databricks. You can also create the schema manually if you prefer.
```

Reviewer: Note the TODOs
